Update distributed tracing docs (#15971)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/observability/distributed-tracing/overview/index.md

Distributed tracing enables users to track a request through mesh that is distributed across multiple services.
This allows a deeper understanding about request latency, serialization and parallelism via visualization.

Istio leverages [Envoy's distributed tracing](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/intro/arch_overview/observability/tracing) feature to provide tracing integration out of the box.

> Most tracing backends now use the [OpenTelemetry](/docs/tasks/observability/distributed-tracing/opentelemetry/) protocol to receive traces, though Istio also supports legacy protocols for projects like [Zipkin](/docs/tasks/observability/distributed-tracing/zipkin/) and [Apache SkyWalking](/docs/tasks/observability/distributed-tracing/skywalking/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most tracing backends now accept [OpenTelemetry](/docs/tasks/observability/distributed-tracing/opentelemetry/) protocol to receive traces, though Istio also supports legacy protocols for projects like [Zipkin](/docs/tasks/observability/distributed-tracing/zipkin/) and [Apache SkyWalking](/docs/tasks/observability/distributed-tracing/skywalking/).
```

Nit: I think `accept` here is more accurate, because backends accept OTLP but they may use their own formats internally.

## Building applications to support trace context propagation

Although Istio proxies can automatically send spans, extra information is needed to join those spans into a single trace. Applications must propagate this information in HTTP headers, so that when proxies send spans, the backend can join them together into a single trace.

To do this, each application must collect headers from each incoming request and forward the headers to all outgoing requests triggered by that incoming request. The choice of headers to forward depends on the configured trace backend. The set of headers to forward are described in each trace backend-specific task page. The following is a summary:

All applications should forward the following headers:

* `x-request-id`: an Envoy-specific header that is used to consistently sample logs and traces.
* `traceparent` and `tracestate`: [W3C standard headers](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context/)

For Zipkin, the [B3 multi-header format](https://github.com/openzipkin/b3-propagation) should be forwarded:

* `x-b3-traceid`
* `x-b3-spanid`
* `x-b3-parentspanid`
* `x-b3-sampled`
* `x-b3-flags`

For commercial observability tools, refer to their documentation.

> If you look at the sample Python `productpage` service, for example, you see that the application extracts the required headers for all tracers from an HTTP request using OpenTelemetry libraries:

Reviewer 2: Can we add a link to the `productpage` line of code to make it easier for users to navigate to it

Author: Note to future self, https://github.com/istio/istio/blob/master/samples/bookinfo/src/productpage/productpage.py#L125

Author: Done!

All applications should forward the following headers:

* `x-request-id`: an Envoy-specific header that is used to consistently sample logs and traces.
* `traceparent` and `tracestate`: [W3C-standardized headers](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context/)

For Zipkin, the [B3 multi-header format](https://github.com/openzipkin/b3-propagation) should be forwarded:

* `x-b3-traceid`
* `x-b3-spanid`
* `x-b3-parentspanid`
* `x-b3-sampled`
* `x-b3-flags`

For Datadog, the following headers should be forwarded. Forwarding these is handled automatically by Datadog client libraries for many languages and frameworks.

* `x-datadog-trace-id`.
* `x-datadog-parent-id`.
* `x-datadog-sampling-priority`.

For ServiceNow Cloud Observability, the OpenTracing span context header should be forwarded:

* `x-ot-span-context`

For Stackdriver, you can choose to use any one of the following headers instead of the traceparent or B3 formats:

* `grpc-trace-bin`: Standard gRPC trace header.

> * `x-cloud-trace-context`: used by Google Cloud product APIs.

Reviewer 3: I think we can remove these

Author: done
